---
title: My experience in summer 2020 research 
layout: page 
---


# Summer 2020 reflection
When we first began planning our remote research, I had doubts that it would be effective. However, after discussing our approach during the first week of work, we began our editing and I was very pleasantly surprised at how smoothly the process went. By using Zoom and Atom teletype, we were able to discuss and edit the manuscript just as efficiently, and in some cases more, as we ordinarily would in the lab. While I have been in MID for several years at this point, working with a partner and having to explain the actual process of editing a Homeric text forced me to actually retain information I was usually able to ask another member (Thomas Posillico) for. I believe the most important takeaway of this research was learning how to adapt to a new format given unforeseen circumstances. Needing to modify our original project and conduct research with a new team taught me to be resourceful and look for new opportunities in a difficult situation, a skill that will surely help me in my studies, future career, and life in general.  
## One thing I am thinking about doing 
The most exciting part of this research was using new methods for analyzing these types of manuscripts. My main focus of interest is the mythological component of the manuscript and its scholia, and Professor Smith has discussed creating a "social network" for the names of characters who appear. I plan on using our data to do just that and hopefully make it the focus of my senior thesis. Professor Smith has already used Gephi to construct a web of characters who appear in the scholia for the Venetus A, with fascinating results. Many characters besides those directly related to the plot of the Iliad itself appear in the scholia, and seeing what names some of these "minor" characters connect to can almost summarize their entire story (Theseus, Gaia, Metis) while others have connections I cannot make sense of yet (Typhon and Achilles). I hope to take this data and add it with everything we've edited from our other manuscripts to build a comprehensive view of the mythological world of the scholia. 
https://github.com/lcgiuntoli/Summer_2020_takeaways/issues/1
